bash-script-pick-n-mix/README.md, before:

# Bash Script Pick'n'Mix

This folder contains some of the bash scripts I wrote, sometimes to automate certain tasks that I found myself doing over and over again, and some just for fun :-) 

I have these set to my .bashrc profile so that I can run them anywhere within my terminal without needing to specifically navigate to the directory where they are stored.

While the scripts are largely specific to my directories and my system, feel free to download them and tweak them to your own specifications!

___
## xampp


This script allows me to start, stop and restart my XAMPP server, which I am using for my college Web Development module. If the command is set to "start", the script also opens a new Chrome window with the phpadmin panel immediadely after activating the server.

___
## newphp

This script creates a new blank php file in the directory where I store my XAMPP php files, and opens this file in VSCode.

___
## newbash

This script creates a new blank bash script in the directory where I store my bash scripts files, makes the script executable and opens it in VSCode.

___
## mintupdate

This script just runs a few standard update commands on my machine. It is called mintupdate because I am currently using Linux Mint as my OS :-) 

___
## starwarsascii

A simple bash script that lets the user select one of three Star Wars-themed ASCII images. 

I used this project to improve my understanding of general Bash syntax, "if" statements in Bash and escape characters.

All credit to ASCII art that comes from this project can be found [at this link.](https://textart.io/art/tag/star-wars/1)

Commit message:

added jupyter notebook bash script

bash-script-pick-n-mix/README.md, after:

# Bash Script Pick'n'Mix

This folder contains some of the bash scripts I wrote, sometimes to automate certain tasks that I found myself doing over and over again, and some just for fun :-) 

I have these set to my .bashrc profile so that I can run them anywhere within my terminal without needing to specifically navigate to the directory where they are stored.

While the scripts are largely specific to my directories and my system, feel free to download them and tweak them to your own specifications!

___
## xampp


This script allows me to start, stop and restart my XAMPP server, which I am using for my college Web Development module. If the command is set to "start", the script also opens a new Chrome window with the phpadmin panel immediadely after activating the server.

___
## newphp

This script creates a new blank php file in the directory where I store my XAMPP php files, and opens this file in VSCode.

___
## newbash

This script creates a new blank bash script in the directory where I store my bash scripts files, makes the script executable and opens it in VSCode.

___
## mintupdate

This script just runs a few standard update commands on my machine. It is called mintupdate because I am currently using Linux Mint as my OS :-) 

## jupyternew

This script works with a file titled "defaultjupter", which I have saved in my Documents folder. This file contains the default JSON data required for a Jupyter Notebook file. The file is copied to the working directory, name changed to user input with the correct extension, and opened in VS Code. 

___
## starwarsascii

A simple bash script that lets the user select one of three Star Wars-themed ASCII images. 

I used this project to improve my understanding of general Bash syntax, "if" statements in Bash and escape characters.

All credit to ASCII art that comes from this project can be found [at this link.](https://textart.io/art/tag/star-wars/1)
